the evening hunt didn't start off with a
bang in fact it started off with a big
long walk in the woods and a ton of drop
in elevation we dropped well over a
thousand feet probably closer to 2,000
feet and it took us that much drop in
elevation to find the Elm a great time
get down they'll smoking yeah my brakes
are about out yeah my kid so now he's
got to his cooperating to doubt your
turn to he's beautiful and he's fired on
ya sometimes they like to hang up what I
call the staging areas you know before
the meadow and the trees I think we're
gonna just try you in front of what it
sounds like it's going into the staging
areas but keeps it within our favor
Oh
creep in there real quick get set up
quiet stay back here just call softly
double x meal there about 40 yards on my
hair oh there he is he's going right by
in the building no it's a cow
and then come up there you
sure
it's quarter to me to our the bull
stepped out what a bully was beautiful
big six point mature animal too and he
stops and he looks he looked right at
what he saw I don't know and you know
help do have a sixth sense his was
working overtime that day is perfect he
just saw something in life he's amateur
ball he's a five or six oral I still had
not come to full drawn and elk and elk
were everywhere it was frustrating in
fact I coined a new slogan and it's
called frustratingly fun that's what I
think bow hunting elk is this place is
every outfitters dream because it's
loaded with elk and the natural beauty
is just amazing at last count we have
over four thousand head of elk residing
on the ranch it makes very hunters
paradise it's just awesome to go out
every day and see so many elk and have
so many encounters we got closed back we
got so close we had cows and calves in
front of us and full buidlings not even
150 200 yards away just around a little
badge
you know the physical exertion of the L
Phineas is tough you know we're in the
rocky mountains and the mountains are
high but I think the hardest part really
is the stock it's just so intense with
your mental energy in your concentration
and keeping that concentration
controlling every movement of your body
timing it too when you have an
opportunity it takes a lot of effort in
a lot lot of energy
how many how many how it wore me out but
it also made me realize that it's the
real meaning of bow hunting elk in the
Rockies burning yourself up I mean
wearing yourself down to the last ounce
of energy beginning to stand in some of
the most spectacular country and take it
all in with LP going around you I came
up a little short on this hunt but the
memories are incredible elk we're
butylene everywhere in every single day
we had a close encounter where the Bulls
will right in my face
on any hunt a sharp knife it's the most
important thing you can have once you
get an animal down now to keep my knife
sharp I rely on the wicked edge
sharpener why because it holds that
blade steady and at the same exact angle
so the stolons hit it the same place
every time time and time again any of a
variety of stones you can start on a
really dull knife and get it shaving
sharp and I literally mean shaving sharp
extreme pursuits is brought to you by
polaris see the hardest-working
smoothest riding off-road vehicles now
at your local dealer hunter is
specialties for sportsmen by sportsman
real avid true to the core nikon the
trusted name and optics truck vault
manufacturers of the world's finest in
vehicle secure storage systems and by
these other fine sponsors